Ejercicio_2_semana_1_Misterdan-6046 (#97)
undefined-academy/semana-1: github-profiles/misterdan-6046/README.md

[![N](https://s3.us-west-2.amazonaws.com/secure.notion-static.com/ac01e832-cfcf-4999-bd6d-78d151d5542e/87408584-df26bb80-c5ed-11ea-99bf-23477b7b221d.png?X-Amz-Algorithm=AWS4-HMAC-SHA256&X-Amz-Content-Sha256=UNSIGNED-PAYLOAD&X-Amz-Credential=AKIAT73L2G45EIPT3X45%2F20230305%2Fus-west-2%2Fs3%2Faws4_request&X-Amz-Date=20230305T164535Z&X-Amz-Expires=86400&X-Amz-Signature=e5bbb7d406b5ece966f0d2fbac49920eae59c81ca589430c52bed448085543f7&X-Amz-SignedHeaders=host&response-content-disposition=filename%3D%2287408584-df26bb80-c5ed-11ea-99bf-23477b7b221d.png%22&x-id=GetObject)](https://github.com/misterdan100)

I'm currently learning Full-stack web development, with a focus on HTML, CSS, and JavaScript as the foundation.
I can speak English fluently, I live in Medellin but I'm connected with the entire world. I'm cinephile, music lover and I love technology.

### Some technologies that I use:
* HTML
* CSS
* JavaScript
* Git & GitHub

> I'm continuously developing projects that you can see on this [GitHub account.](https://www.linkedin.com/in/daniel-merchan-caceres-ab8388260/)

Reviewer: Supongo que te debería de mandar a tu perfil de GitHub, pero te manda a LinkedIn.
```suggestion
I'm continuously developing projects that you can see on this [GitHub account.](https://github.com/misterdan100)
```

Author: Ya esta corregido el link de GitHub, gracias por la revision.
